then he brought me back to the outer
then he brought me back to the outer gate of the sanctuary which faces toward
gate of the sanctuary which faces toward
gate of the sanctuary which faces toward the east but it was shot
the east but it was shot
the east but it was shot and the Lord said to me this gate shall
and the Lord said to me this gate shall
and the Lord said to me this gate shall be shut it shall not be opened and no
be shut it shall not be opened and no
be shut it shall not be opened and no man shall enter by it because the Lord
man shall enter by it because the Lord
man shall enter by it because the Lord God of Israel has entered bite therefore
God of Israel has entered bite therefore
God of Israel has entered bite therefore it shall be shut as for the Prince
it shall be shut as for the Prince
it shall be shut as for the Prince because he is the Prince he may sit in
because he is the Prince he may sit in
because he is the Prince he may sit in it to eat bread before the Lord he shall
it to eat bread before the Lord he shall
it to eat bread before the Lord he shall enter by way of the vestibule of the
enter by way of the vestibule of the
enter by way of the vestibule of the Gateway and go out the same way also he
Gateway and go out the same way also he
Gateway and go out the same way also he brought me by way of the north gate to
brought me by way of the north gate to
brought me by way of the north gate to the front of the temple so I looked and
the front of the temple so I looked and
the front of the temple so I looked and behold the glory of the Lord filled the
behold the glory of the Lord filled the
behold the glory of the Lord filled the house of the Lord and I fell on my face
house of the Lord and I fell on my face
house of the Lord and I fell on my face son of man mark well see with your eyes
son of man mark well see with your eyes
son of man mark well see with your eyes and hear with your ears all that I say
and hear with your ears all that I say
and hear with your ears all that I say to you concerning all the ordinances of
to you concerning all the ordinances of
to you concerning all the ordinances of the house of the Lord and all its laws
the house of the Lord and all its laws
the house of the Lord and all its laws mark well who may enter the house and
mark well who may enter the house and
mark well who may enter the house and all who go out from the sanctuary now
all who go out from the sanctuary now
all who go out from the sanctuary now say to the rebellious to the house of
say to the rebellious to the house of
say to the rebellious to the house of Israel thus says the Lord God o house of
Israel thus says the Lord God o house of
Israel thus says the Lord God o house of Israel let us have no more of all your
Israel let us have no more of all your
Israel let us have no more of all your abominations when you brought in
abominations when you brought in
abominations when you brought in foreigners uncircumcised in heart and
foreigners uncircumcised in heart and
foreigners uncircumcised in heart and uncircumcised in flesh to be in my
uncircumcised in flesh to be in my
uncircumcised in flesh to be in my sanctuary to defile it my house and when
sanctuary to defile it my house and when
sanctuary to defile it my house and when you offered my food the fat and the
you offered my food the fat and the
you offered my food the fat and the blood then they broke my covenant
blood then they broke my covenant
blood then they broke my covenant because of all your abominations and you
because of all your abominations and you
because of all your abominations and you have not kept charge of my holy things
have not kept charge of my holy things
have not kept charge of my holy things but you have set others to keep charge
but you have set others to keep charge
but you have set others to keep charge of my sanctuary for you
of my sanctuary for you
of my sanctuary for you no foreigner uncircumcised in heart or
no foreigner uncircumcised in heart or
no foreigner uncircumcised in heart or uncircumcised in flesh
uncircumcised in flesh
uncircumcised in flesh shall enter my century including any
shall enter my century including any
shall enter my century including any foreigner who is among the children of
foreigner who is among the children of
foreigner who is among the children of Israel and the Levites who went far from
Israel and the Levites who went far from
Israel and the Levites who went far from me when Israel went astray who strayed
me when Israel went astray who strayed
me when Israel went astray who strayed away from me after their idols they
away from me after their idols they
away from me after their idols they shall bear their iniquity yet they shall
shall bear their iniquity yet they shall
shall bear their iniquity yet they shall be ministers in my century as
be ministers in my century as
be ministers in my century as gatekeepers of the house and ministers
gatekeepers of the house and ministers
gatekeepers of the house and ministers of the house they shall slay the burnt
of the house they shall slay the burnt
of the house they shall slay the burnt offering and the sacrifice for the
offering and the sacrifice for the
offering and the sacrifice for the people and they shall stand before them
people and they shall stand before them
people and they shall stand before them to minister to them because they
to minister to them because they
to minister to them because they ministered to them before their idols
ministered to them before their idols
ministered to them before their idols and caused the house of Israel to fall
and caused the house of Israel to fall
and caused the house of Israel to fall into iniquity therefore I have raised my
into iniquity therefore I have raised my
into iniquity therefore I have raised my hand in an oath against them that they
hand in an oath against them that they
hand in an oath against them that they shall bear their iniquity and they shall
shall bear their iniquity and they shall
shall bear their iniquity and they shall not come near me to minister to me as
not come near me to minister to me as
not come near me to minister to me as priests nor come near any of my holy
priests nor come near any of my holy
priests nor come near any of my holy things nor into the most holy place but
things nor into the most holy place but
things nor into the most holy place but they shall bear their shame and their
they shall bear their shame and their
they shall bear their shame and their abominations which they have committed
abominations which they have committed
abominations which they have committed nevertheless I will make them keep
nevertheless I will make them keep
nevertheless I will make them keep charge of the temple for all its work
charge of the temple for all its work
charge of the temple for all its work and for all that has to be done in it
and for all that has to be done in it
and for all that has to be done in it but the priests the Levites the sons of
but the priests the Levites the sons of
but the priests the Levites the sons of Zadok who kept charge of my sanctuary
Zadok who kept charge of my sanctuary
Zadok who kept charge of my sanctuary when the children of Israel went astray
when the children of Israel went astray
when the children of Israel went astray from me they shall come near me to
from me they shall come near me to
from me they shall come near me to minister to me and they shall stand
minister to me and they shall stand
minister to me and they shall stand before me to offer to me the fast
before me to offer to me the fast
before me to offer to me the fast and the blood they shall enter my
and the blood they shall enter my
and the blood they shall enter my sanctuary and they shall come near my
sanctuary and they shall come near my
sanctuary and they shall come near my table to minister to me and they shall
table to minister to me and they shall
table to minister to me and they shall keep my charge and it shall be whenever
keep my charge and it shall be whenever
keep my charge and it shall be whenever they enter the gates of the inner court
they enter the gates of the inner court
they enter the gates of the inner court that they shall put on linen garments no
that they shall put on linen garments no
that they shall put on linen garments no wool shall come upon them while they
wool shall come upon them while they
wool shall come upon them while they minister within the gates of the inner
minister within the gates of the inner
minister within the gates of the inner court or within the house they shall
court or within the house they shall
court or within the house they shall have linen turbans on their heads and
have linen turbans on their heads and
have linen turbans on their heads and linen trousers on their bodies they
linen trousers on their bodies they
linen trousers on their bodies they shall not clothe themselves with
shall not clothe themselves with
shall not clothe themselves with anything that causes sweat when they go
anything that causes sweat when they go
anything that causes sweat when they go out to the outer court to the outer
out to the outer court to the outer
out to the outer court to the outer court to the people they shall take off
court to the people they shall take off
court to the people they shall take off their garments in which they have
their garments in which they have
their garments in which they have ministered leave them in the holy
ministered leave them in the holy
ministered leave them in the holy chambers and put on other garments and
chambers and put on other garments and
chambers and put on other garments and in their holy garments they shall not
in their holy garments they shall not
in their holy garments they shall not sanctify the people they shall neither
sanctify the people they shall neither
sanctify the people they shall neither shave their heads nor let their hair
shave their heads nor let their hair
shave their heads nor let their hair grow long but they shall keep their hair
grow long but they shall keep their hair
grow long but they shall keep their hair well trimmed no priest shall drink wine
well trimmed no priest shall drink wine
well trimmed no priest shall drink wine when he enters the inner court they
when he enters the inner court they
when he enters the inner court they shall not take his wife a widow or a
shall not take his wife a widow or a
shall not take his wife a widow or a divorced woman but take virgins of the
divorced woman but take virgins of the
divorced woman but take virgins of the descendents of the house of Israel or
descendents of the house of Israel or
descendents of the house of Israel or widows of priests and they shall teach
widows of priests and they shall teach
widows of priests and they shall teach my people the difference between the
my people the difference between the
my people the difference between the holy and the unholy and caused them to
holy and the unholy and caused them to
holy and the unholy and caused them to discern between the unclean and the
discern between the unclean and the
discern between the unclean and the clean in controversy they shall stand as
clean in controversy they shall stand as
clean in controversy they shall stand as judges and judge it according to my
judges and judge it according to my
judges and judge it according to my judgments they shall keep my laws and my
judgments they shall keep my laws and my
judgments they shall keep my laws and my statutes in all my appointed meetings
statutes in all my appointed meetings
statutes in all my appointed meetings and they shall hallow my
and they shall hallow my
and they shall hallow my sabbath's they shall not defile
sabbath's they shall not defile
sabbath's they shall not defile themselves by coming near a dead person
themselves by coming near a dead person
themselves by coming near a dead person only for father or mother for son or
only for father or mother for son or
only for father or mother for son or daughter for brother or unmarried sister
daughter for brother or unmarried sister
daughter for brother or unmarried sister may they defile themselves after he is
may they defile themselves after he is
may they defile themselves after he is cleansed they shall count seven days for
cleansed they shall count seven days for
cleansed they shall count seven days for him and on the day that he goes to the
him and on the day that he goes to the
him and on the day that he goes to the sanctuary to minister in the century he
sanctuary to minister in the century he
sanctuary to minister in the century he must offer his sin offering in the inner
must offer his sin offering in the inner
must offer his sin offering in the inner court
court
court it shall be in regard to their
it shall be in regard to their
it shall be in regard to their inheritance that I am their inheritance
inheritance that I am their inheritance
inheritance that I am their inheritance you shall give them no possession in
you shall give them no possession in
you shall give them no possession in Israel for I and their position they
Israel for I and their position they
Israel for I and their position they shall eat the grain offering the sin
shall eat the grain offering the sin
shall eat the grain offering the sin offering and the trespass offering every
offering and the trespass offering every
offering and the trespass offering every dedicated thing in Israel shall be
dedicated thing in Israel shall be
dedicated thing in Israel shall be theirs the best of all firstfruits of
theirs the best of all firstfruits of
theirs the best of all firstfruits of any kind and every sacrifice of any kind
any kind and every sacrifice of any kind
any kind and every sacrifice of any kind from all your sacrifices shall be the
from all your sacrifices shall be the
from all your sacrifices shall be the priests also you shall give to the
priests also you shall give to the
priests also you shall give to the priests the first of your ground mean to
priests the first of your ground mean to
priests the first of your ground mean to cause a blessing to rest on your house
cause a blessing to rest on your house
cause a blessing to rest on your house the priests shall not eat anything bird
the priests shall not eat anything bird
the priests shall not eat anything bird or beast that died naturally or was torn
or beast that died naturally or was torn
or beast that died naturally or was torn by wild beasts
by wild beasts
by wild beasts you